Applesauce was the first food eaten in space.
Pistachios aren't nuts—they are actually fruits.
Broccoli contains more protein than steak!
Raspberries are a member of the rose family.
M&Ms are named after their creators: Mars & Murrie.
Potatoes were the first food planted in space.
Cucumbers are 95% water.
Honey is basically bee vomit. Forager bees regurgitate it.
Figs aren't fruits, they are flowers.
The filling in Kit Kats is made with crumbs from broken Kit Kat bars.
Popsicles were invented accidentally by a child, 11-year-old Frank Epperson.
Almonds are seeds, not nuts.
Pineapple plants can take two to three years to produce a fruit.
Berries that harbor up to 4 larvae per 500 grams are safe to eat per the FDA.
The average jar of peanut butter may contain 4 or more rodent hairs.
Cotton candy was created by a dentist.
Watermelon and bananas are berries, but strawberries are not!
Rhubarb grows so fast, you can hear it!
Glass Gem corn has rainbow kernels that look like little beads of glass.
Fruit salad trees grow different fruits on the same tree!
Cashews grow on cashew apples.
Lemons float but limes sink.
The original carrots were purple and yellow, not orange.
The cereal Froot Loops all taste the same even though they are different colors.
Carrots are sweeter in the winter.
Pound cake gets its name from its recipe.
You can buy a $12,000 pizza.
Nutmeg can make you hallucinate.
Some wasabi is actually horseradish.
The dye used for red Skittles is made from the crushed bodies of beetles.
A burger could contain meat from 100 different cows.
Ketchup was once used as a medicine.
Nutella uses a LOT of hazelnuts.
Spam wasn't invented in Hawaii.
McDonald's sells more than 2 billion hamburgers every year.
Three Musketeers candy bars used to have three flavors.
Ancient civilizations used chocolate as currency.
There's no cream inside Twinkies.
You can bounce ripe cranberries.
Rotten eggs float.
Jam and jelly are different.
Potatoes are 80% water.
Your food may contain some insects.
Margherita pizza is named after a queen.
Thomas Jefferson popularized mac and cheese in America.
Food tastes different in an airplane.
Tonic water glows in the dark.
Brown sugar and white sugar are the same.
Almost half of American adults eat a sandwich every day.
Gummies are shiny because of car wax.
An astronaut smuggled a corned beef sandwich into space.
You can find square watermelon in Japan.
Mageirocophobia is the fear of cooking.
Tomatoes are actually fruit, but they are legally vegetables.
Saffron is very expensive due to the complicated process required to harvest it.
Cheese is the most often stolen food in the world.
Apples are 25% air.
Popcorn is one of the world's oldest preserved foods.
Eating hot peppers cools you down.
Wine is older than recorded history.
Fortune cookies aren't Chinese.
Lettuce is a member of the sunflower family.
Eggplants aren't always purple.
Natural vanilla flavor comes from an orchid.
Oranges weren't originally orange.
Coffee was discovered by goats.
Wasabi is extremely difficult to grow.
Crackers have holes for a reason.
The sandwich as we know it today was popularized in England in 1762 by John Montagu, the 4th Earl of Sandwich.
Pepper X holds the record for the world's hottest chili pepper.
There's an official water-tasting competition.
Artificial banana flavor is based on an extinct banana.
Lachanophobia is the fear of vegetables.
Chocolate can be deadly to dogs.
Honey never spoils.
Coffee was originally chewed.
A cluster of bananas is called a hand.
Flamingos are pink because of their diet.
The first-ever vending machine dispensed holy water.
The tallest cake ever made stood at 33 meters.
The world's most expensive cheese is made from donkey milk.
There are over 7,500 varieties of apples.
The world record for the largest bowl of pasta was set in 2015. It weighed in at 7900 kg.
Oysters can change gender.
The heaviest fruit (pumpkin) ever recorded weighed 1,190.49 kg.
Eating fugu (puffer fish) is a culinary gamble, as it contains a toxin 1,200 times deadlier than cyanide.
Canadians consume more macaroni and cheese than any other nation in the world.
McDonald's once made bubblegum-flavored broccoli.
The world's oldest surviving recipe is over 4,000 years old.
The first chocolate bar was made in 1847.
Brazil is the world's largest coffee producer.
There are over 350 shapes of pasta.
White chocolate isn't technically chocolate.
The longest strand of pasta was 3.775 km long.
One apple tree can produce up to 400 apples a year.
A chef's hat has 100 folds.
The world's largest meatball was made in the Low Country of South Carolina, it weighed in at 774 kg in 2017.
The most expensive wine is the 1945 Romanee-Conti.
The most expensive wine is the 1945 Romanee-Conti, sold at auction for $558,000!
Eating competitively is a sport.
The Guinness Book of World Records started with a feud over the fastest game bird.
Mustard is one of the world's oldest condiments.
The Frrrozen Haute Chocolate ice cream sundae is the most expensive dessert in the world.